there he is number four Taylor Hall well
how was your night ah definitely nice to
get that first one out of the way and
it's always a good feeling skoura you
know I saw some Spitfire jerseys and
some old friends came down from Windsor
so it's nice to score take us through
the goal did you know right away after
the point shot that it had you know
tipped off your stick or you had tip the
pike yeah I mean no had I knew it went
right off my stick and I saw the puck in
the net and it's a really good feeling
any time you score and especially your
first goal now you didn't over celebrate
I must say I thought you might have a
grander celebration but maybe the way
the game was going you sort of told you
down a little bit yeah not that I didn't
want to seem too excited or anything
like that but there's certainly a lot of
joy I haven't been through something
like this in long time we're in a while
and just to be able to contribute it's
always always good for your team you'll
Peckham with the primary assist and
there's there's the POC Taylor yeah i'll
give it to you why not it is yours
Taylor Hall first NHL goal you look at
that you see that you got the goal I
mean how does this all feel for you now
it feels good you know it's been a kind
of a long road playing with this team
you were within six right now so it's
kind of tough for us but we're chugging
along i'm chugging along i'm trying to
the best i can and we came back tonight
and I got that cool so we can take
something from that your ex junior coach
on the other team's bench Bob Moog nur
assistant coach said this morning he
thinks you're going to be a star and a
franchise player but he wished that you
wouldn't score your first goal tonight
you weren't able to follow through on
that in regards to him not getting the
goal against him but what did you think
of those words in regards to what you
will end up being in this league in his
mind you know that's um that's great
compliments from him he's been around
the game for a long time and he knows
some you know the ins and outs and he's
great for my career playing in Windsor
was an awesome opportunity for me and I
really grew as a player and as a person
so I have a lot to lot to you know give
him I had a feeling I was going to score
tonight it was just a you know a good
feeling and it sorry to get against bugs
but it was a good feeling Taylor thank
you and congratulations and no more
questions about when you're going to get
your first goal I guess it'll be about
your second goal but now the pressures
off a little bit more
alright thanks Taylor Hall who gets that
first national hike of the goal had 123
goals for Bob buckner and the windsor
spitfires